README.md, before:

Microsoft.Data.Sqlite
=====================

[![Travis build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?label=travis-ci&branch=dev&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite/branches)
[![AppVeyor build status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/aspnetci/microsoft-data-sqlite/dev.svg?label=appveyor&style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/aspnetci/microsoft-data-sqlite/branch/dev)

[![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?style=flat-square&label=stable)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite/)
[![aspnetcore](https://img.shields.io/dotnet.myget/aspnetcore-dev/vpre/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?style=flat-square&label=nightly)](https://dotnet.myget.org/feed/aspnetcore-dev/package/nuget/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite)

Contains SQLite implementations of the System.Data.Common interfaces.

This project is part of ASP.NET Core. You can find samples, documentation and getting started instructions for ASP.NET Core at the [Home](https://github.com/aspnet/home) repo.

## Building from source

To run a complete build on command line only, execute `build.cmd` or `build.sh` without arguments. See [developer documentation](https://github.com/aspnet/Home/wiki) for more details.

Commit message:

Forking the NuGet package name

README.md, after:

Microsoft.Data.Sqlite
=====================

This is a fork of ASP.NET Core's [Microsoft.Data.Sqlite project](https://github.com/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite) with added support for a .NET Framework 4.0 target so that this package can be used in multi-targeted libraries.  No additional functionality has been added.

---------------------

[![Travis build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?label=travis-ci&branch=dev&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite/branches)
[![AppVeyor build status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/aspnetci/microsoft-data-sqlite/dev.svg?label=appveyor&style=flat-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/aspnetci/microsoft-data-sqlite/branch/dev)

[![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?style=flat-square&label=stable)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite/)
[![aspnetcore](https://img.shields.io/dotnet.myget/aspnetcore-dev/vpre/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.svg?style=flat-square&label=nightly)](https://dotnet.myget.org/feed/aspnetcore-dev/package/nuget/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite)

Contains SQLite implementations of the System.Data.Common interfaces.

This project is part of ASP.NET Core. You can find samples, documentation and getting started instructions for ASP.NET Core at the [Home](https://github.com/aspnet/home) repo.

## Building from source

To run a complete build on command line only, execute `build.cmd` or `build.sh` without arguments. See [developer documentation](https://github.com/aspnet/Home/wiki) for more details.
